grpc-clients: Add User certificates and Observability pages (#664)
EventStore/documentation: docs/clients/grpc/authentication.md

﻿# Authentication

## Authenticate Using x.509 Certificates

X.509 certificates are digital certificates that use the X.509 public key infrastructure (PKI) standard to verify the identity of clients and servers. They play a crucial role in establishing a secure connection by providing a way to authenticate identities and establish trust.

### Prerequisites

1. EventStoreDB 24.2.0 or later.
2. A valid x.509 certificate, which can be created using version `1.3` or higher of our [gencert tool](https://github.com/EventStore/es-gencert-cli).

> 3. [Enable User Certificates plugin on the server](https://developers.eventstore.com/server/v24.2/configuration.html#plugins-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Enable User Certificates plugin on the server](../../server/v24.2/configuration.html#plugins-configuration)
```

Author: Thanks for that. Done 👍

#### Generate User Certificates

> The following command uses the [gencert tool](https://github.com/EventStore/es-gencert-cli) to generate a user certificate for the user `admin` with a validity of `10` days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command uses the [gencert tool](https://github.com/EventStore/es-gencert-cli) to generate a user certificate for the user `admin` that will expire in 10 days:
```

Author: Done 👍

:::: tabs
::: tab Linux and macOS

```shell
./es-gencert-cli create-user -username admin -days 10 -ca-certificate ./es-ca/ca.crt -ca-key ./es-ca/ca.key
```

:::
::: tab Windows

```powershell
.\es-gencert-cli.exe create-user -username admin -days 10 -ca-certificate ./es-ca/ca.crt -ca-key ./es-ca/ca.key
```

:::
::::

### Connect to EventStoreDB using the x.509 certificate

To connect to EventStoreDB using the x.509 certificate, you need to provide the
certificate and the private key to the client. If both username/password and
certificate authentication data are supplied, the client prioritizes user

> credentials for authentication. The client will throw an error if it receives only one component of the

Reviewer: I think the whole sentence on ln39-40 should read "The client will throw an error if the certificate and the key are not both provided."

Author: Done 👍

certificate files (either the certificate or the key), rather than both.

::: note
Please note that currently, password-protected private key files are not supported.
:::

> The client supports the following parameters:

Reviewer: Not every client? The Java client sample below does not actually use these parameter names.

Author: both the constructor and connection string supports it. But I agree that it can be confusing. I modifed the sample to use the connection string variant instead.
